Update custom log collection with HTTPS example (#6899)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/log_collection/_index.md

Any custom process or [logging library][18] able to forward logs through **TCP** or **HTTP** can be used in conjunction with Datadog Logs. Choose below which Datadog site you want to forward logs to:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "HTTP US Site" %}}

> The public endpoint is `http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com`, the API Key must be added either in the path or as a header, for instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The public endpoint is `http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com`. The API key must be added either in the path or as a header, for instance:
```

```
curl -X POST https://http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com/v1/input \
     -H "Content-Type: text/plain" \
     -H "DD-API-KEY: <API_KEY>" \
     -d 'hello world'
```

> For more example with JSON formats, multiple logs per requests and the use of query parameters, refer to the [Datadog Log HTTP API documentation][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more examples with JSON formats, multiple logs per request, or the use of query parameters, refer to the [Datadog Log HTTP API documentation][1].
```

[1]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/api/?lang=bash#send-logs-over-http
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "HTTP EU Site" %}}

> The public endpoint is `http-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu`, the API Key must be added either in the path or as a header, for instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The public endpoint is `http-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu`. The API key must be added either in the path or as a header, for instance:
```

```
curl -X POST https://http-intake.logs.datadoghq.eu/v1/input \
     -H "Content-Type: text/plain" \
     -H "DD-API-KEY: <API_KEY>" \
     -d 'hello world'
```

> For more example with JSON formats, multiple logs per requests and the use of query parameters, refer to the [Datadog Log HTTP API documentation][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more examples with JSON formats, multiple logs per request, or the use of query parameters, refer to the [Datadog Log HTTP API documentation][1].
```
